[Fix #1389] Handle `TypeError` caused by passing array literals as arguments to `File` methods in `Rails/RootPathnameMethods` cop (#1416)
rubocop/rubocop-rails: changelog/fix_rails_root_pathname_to_handle_type_error_caused_by_an_array.md

> * [#1389](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop-rails/issues/1389): Handle TypeError caused by an array in `Rails/RootPathname` cop. ([@ydakuka][])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#1389](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop-rails/issues/1389): Handle `TypeError` caused by passing array literals as arguments to `File` methods in `Rails/RootPathnameMethods` cop. ([@ydakuka][])
```

Author: done
